=The Hidden Heir Ye Chen=
(Adapted from "The Peerless Son-in-Law")
=Episode 25=
Chen,
did Mr. Qin
really give you
this house?
Really.
The deed has my name on it.
But this place is too expensive.
That's a huge favor to owe someone.
I don't feel comfortable living here.
Dad,
you should just relax and stay here.
It's fine.
Dad, how about this?
Just try living
here for a while.
If you still feel uneasy later,
we'll return it to Mr. Qin.
No!
Absolutely not!
No.
Listen to me.
What's there to say?
If anyone tries to make me move out,
I'll fight them for it!
Changkun,
can you really bear to see me
living in that run-down old house?
You've got such a big villa here.
Shouldn't you let me
enjoy it first?
Let me move in.
Mom,
this villa was given to Chen.
I can't make that decision.
You can't?
He's your son-in-law.
You're his father-in-law.
If you ask,
would he refuse?
Grandma,
please don't make things hard.
This villa doesn't belong to us.
If you want it,
you should respect Ye Chen's decision.
If he doesn't agree, no one can take it.
Insolent!
Is that how you talk to me?
Where's your respect?
Kneel down!
Respect?
Respect is earned.
What do you have
besides your status?
Ye Chen,
listen up!
I'll give you one last chance.
You and Xiao Churan,
kneel and apologize
right now!
And hand over the villa!
Or don't blame me
for being ruthless!
Xiao Changkun,
look at your daughter
and your useless son-in-law!
Fine.
If they won't kneel,
you're my son,
you will!
The house belongs to Chen.
He has the right
to accept or refuse it.
Churan didn't say anything wrong.
She didn't do anything wrong either.
Why should she kneel?
Please show some self-respect.
You've grown some backbone!
You side with outsiders
instead of me?
You unfilial thing!
You're going to anger me to death!
Dad.
I'm back.
Just lie down and rest.
We'll keep this.
It can still be used.
What are you doing?
Don't move.
- I'll do it.
- No.
Let me do it.
I...
I can't just watch you working yourself.
I can help with this too.
Let me see.
Why are you so silly?
You actually hit yourself with a stick.
And that hard too.
Honestly, I think it was worth it.
That hit felt
pretty satisfying.
Look at you, acting all tough now.
Just because I'm not showing my teeth
doesn't mean I'm a pushover.
I had to show them
I've got a temper too.
I'm still a man.
Why don't you show it more often?
Well...
I'm just saving up my strength.
Charging up for a lifetime,
just to use it for two minutes?
What's wrong?
Does it hurt again?
Stop joking around.
My head's spinning.
Let me see.
Does it hurt?
- I'll blow on it.
- Okay.
Still hurts?
No.
It's fine.
Churan and Chen
have really made it now.
From now on,
we don't have to bow to anyone.
We don't have to be
afraid of anyone either.
And you.
Don't cause any more trouble.
Let's just live honestly.
Live a good life.
That'll drive them crazy.
Churan,
thank you.
Thank me?
For what?
For giving me a home.
This is outrageous!
They've gone
too far!
It's downright
lawless!
My villa!
I can't swallow this humiliation!
Not only do we swallow it,
we should prepare gifts
and congratulate them properly.
Ye Chen isn't the useless fool
he used to be.
A direct confrontation won't work.
If we can't do it openly,
we'll do it quietly.
Don't worry.
He won't live there for long.
Why are you here again?
We came to congratulate you
on moving into your new home.
Lan.
Ms. Lan,
it was Old Mrs. Xiao
who insisted on causing trouble.
We tried to stop her.
Please don't take it to heart.
This is a gift we prepared.
Congratulations!
Please accept it.
Take it.
Changkun,
we're family after all.
If you're doing well,
I'm happy for you.
Exactly.
When family stands together,
we can achieve anything.
Harmony brings prosperity!
That's right.
If you had been more reasonable earlier,
none of this would have happened.
- Yes
- You're right.
We're not petty people.
Let's just put this behind us.
Ms. Lan.
Come sit.
Take a seat.
Let's go inside.
Okay.
- Let's go.
- Here.
Is everything okay?
Are you done?
Wait,
it's crooked.
How long is this going to take?
Almost there.
You really take your time.
Done.
Mr. Ye, I'm working here, you know.
Isn't that torture enough already?
Take a look.
Six outside, four inside.
Twenty-four-hour surveillance coverage.
You can rest easy.
Good job.
So,
anything else you need?
Have you been in touch
with Wang Dongxue lately?
I can't exactly tell you that.
Stay away from that woman.
Why?
It's a secret.
Just follow my orders.
It'll keep you safe.
Mr. Qin,
thank you for the villa.
You're welcome.
Could you arrange for more bodyguards
to patrol the area?
I'll pay for it.
I'll take care of it.
How's everything going?
Have you spoken
to Tang Sihai?
I'm waiting a bit longer.
He'll just deny everything for now.
Once I uncover the truth,
I'll confront him.
Where will you start?
The accounts.
The driver who hit Madam Li
once received a payment
from an overseas account.
Tang Sihai blamed you and claimed
the account couldn't be traced.
I plan to investigate it myself.
I see.
We're thinking the same way.
I'm also investigating
the person behind Ichiro Ohara.
His payment came from overseas too.
You might want
to ask Song Wanting.
(Citibank Singapore and HSBC UK Bank)
Her family runs
an antique auction business.
That industry is complicated.
A lot of dirty money
moves through underground banks
and other gray-market channels.
She understands it well.
(HSBC UK Bank)
Ms. Song, I appreciate your help.
I can investigate, but it will take time.
The sooner, the better. Thank you.
Just doing my part.
Mr. Ye, I'll update you.
Great.
If you ever need my help,
just say the word.
Old Mrs. Song, take care.
I'll get going.
Mm.
Grandpa, did you see him clearly?
He really is Ye Changying's son.
It would be wonderful
if he could work for us.
What a pity.
(Wang Dongxue suddenly appeared.)
(And Madam Li was attacked
by a mysterious assailant.)
A year before your dad's accident,
they had a huge argument.
After that, they never spoke again.
The money paid to Ichiro Ohara also
(Citibank Singapore and HSBC UK Bank)
came from an overseas account.
(Those two banks might actually be linked
to the same person.)
(Tang Sihai,)
(are you the one
who killed my parents or not?)
♪They said I was only meant
to gaze at the light♪
♪Never knowing I am the flame itself♪
♪I am fireworks, not a fire cast aside♪
♪I open my eyes amid the ruins♪
♪No one shields me
from the wind or the sky♪
♪Let them mock, let them sneer♪
♪I sharpen my silence into blades♪
♪Every cold word, I remember♪
♪Etching my path of defiance
into my heart♪
♪Fate did not sign my future for me♪
♪I carved my own light
with clenched fists♪
♪I belong to no one♪
♪I am the ember
that refuses to bow to destiny♪
♪Even if the world burns me into ash♪
♪I will rise upon those ashes♪